ACCORDING TO THE PROJECT -
Riya is a social worker , ideas that she can implement using technology to grow her social work
A) Creating an App -:
1) - We  can create an app to help Riya where she can list down her social service actions . We can display all of the social service Riya does on the App and the places where she does them . People who are interested
in helping Riya can join her at the social service if they feel like doing it and it is close to their place of residence
2) - In the app , we can also add a fund button . People who would not like to join the social service can help Riya by funding her some money . With the money funded by people , Riya can  expand her social service
work for the greater cause of humanity


PROBELMS THAT  I CONNECT TO THAT I CAN SOLVE USING TECHNOLOGY
1) Problem - Since the lockdown has been imposed in my city (New Delhi) , not many people are exercising regularly 
    Solution - We can create an app with workouts for people . There will be a timer with each workout so that people complete the workout in that specific time period . We can also add rewards for people who complete the 
	workouts regularly for 10 days

2) Problem - Many of us are not able to communicate with people who are deaf because of the lack of knowledge on how to do so
    Solution - We can create an app where people are able to learn sign language with the help of images and videos . By learning just a little bit of the sign language , people will be able to communicate with the deaf people

3) Problem - People tend to procrastinate work
    Solution - We can create a goal setting app  where people set goals . The app will send reminders to the user about the work that has to be done on a specific day . By this peoples habits of procrastination will go down

4) Problem - People tend to eat fast which results in health problems like bloating
   Solution - We can create an app which regulates peoples eating pace with the help of a timer . The app will set a timer for each bite of the user . This will help to reduce problems like bloating

5) Problem - People want to learn extra curricular activites like dancing , singing and playing instruments but with the lockdown imposed it is difficult for them to do so
   Solution - We can create an app which has different courses for different extra curricular activites . People can learn such activities even with the lockdown imposed

6) Probelm - People are unable to find the right hospital for the right disease when a problem comes so it results in bad treatments
   Solution - We can create an app which displays all the right hospitals and treatment centers for the right disease so that people dont end up making bad desicions for treatments